In level 1, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to zero and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on and below the level it says "Use arrow keys to move.". in this level the player must move to the right of the screen passing through a box in the middle bottom of the screen that says "Stand here to unlock final door". than the player continues to the door where it takes them to the next level.

In level 2, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to two and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on and below the level it says "Use the Left mouse button to create a stair case.". in this level the player must move to the center of the screen create a stair case to reach the box that says "Stand here to unlock final door". than the player continues to the door where it takes them to the next level.

In level 3, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to five and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on and below the level it says "Some levels have obstacles.". in this level the player must move to the center of the screen create a stair case to get over a wall that is blocking there way than once they get over the wall they reach the box that says "Stand here to unlock final door". than the player continues to the door where it takes them to the next level.

In level 4, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to five and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on and below the level it says "Good Luck.". in this level the player must build a stair case going back to the left than scale that staircase than build ontop of the staircase so they can get on top of a platform so they can reach the box that says "Stand here to unlock final door". than the player continues to the door where it takes them to the next level.

In level 5, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to five and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on. in this level the player must move to the center of the screen create a stair case to get over a wall that is blocking there way than once they get over the wall they reach the box that says "Stand here to unlock final door" than they must navigate up a 3 block width to get out of the hole. than the player continues to the door where it takes them to the next level.

In level 6, the player is shown a screen with a character a button in the top left that shows the max build height is set to ten and right under that it says restart level. in the top center it says what level the player is on. in this level the player must move to the center of the screen create a stair case to get over a wall that is blocking there way than once they get over the wall they reach the box that says "Stand here to unlock final door". than the player must create another staircase to get back over the wall than move to the door where it takes them to the next level.

extra details
The player needs to place blocks to create a path, because they are limited to only being able to move up by one block at a time. they can't jump, so every move must be planned carefully to build there way around the obstacles.